feature(cSDK): keyset pagination db example (#582)
fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk: examples/common_patterns_for_connectors/pagination/database_keyset/README.md

- `username` (required): Database username for authentication.
- `password` (required): Database password for authentication.
- `table_name` (required): Name of the source table to sync data from.
- `sslmode` (optional): SSL mode for connection security. Valid values: `disable`, `require`, or empty string. Defaults to `disable`.

Note: Ensure that the `configuration.json` file is not checked into version control to protect sensitive information.

## Requirements file

The `requirements.txt` file specifies the Python libraries required by the connector:

```
psycopg2_binary==2.9.12
```

- `psycopg2_binary`: PostgreSQL database adapter for Python, used to establish connections and execute queries.

> Note: [Some packages](https://fivetran.com/docs/connector-sdk/technical-reference#preinstalledpackages) are pre-installed in the Connector SDK runtime environment. To avoid dependency conflicts, do not declare them in your `requirements.txt`. 

## Authentication

The connector uses standard PostgreSQL username/password authentication.

Ensure the database user has `SELECT` privilege on the source table and `CONNECT` privilege on the database.

## Pagination

> Pagination is handled using a keyset boundary stored in state:

Reviewer: What does a boundary mean here? Can we be more specific?

Author: updated this section
https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/pull/582/changes#diff-6196f5ab1368e51426567fe549f1214e79a2668e83dc56e0443e1aff29a658abR96

- Both values are stored in state and checkpointed after each page.
- Pagination ends when the query returns no rows.

The `id` tie-breaker ensures that rows sharing the same `updated_at` timestamp are handled correctly and no rows are skipped or duplicated.

Note: this pattern requires an indexed monotonic column. For best performance in production, ensure the source table has an index on `(updated_at, id)`.

## Data handling

- Fetches rows in pages of 25 using the keyset query.
- Converts psycopg2 row tuples to dictionaries using `cursor.description` for column names.
- Syncs each row to Fivetran using `op.upsert(table="user", data=...)`.
- Checkpoints state after each page to support reliable resume.

## Error handling

- Validates all required configuration parameters before connecting.
- Validates `sslmode` against allowed values.
- Wraps connection and sync failures in `RuntimeError` with the original exception preserved.
- Database connection is always closed in a `finally` block in `update()`.
- Cursor is always closed in a `finally` block in `sync_items()`.
- Empty result sets halt pagination gracefully.

## Tables created

> The connector creates the `user` table:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The connector creates the `USER` table:
```

Author: updated

This example is intended for learning purposes. It is not meant for production use.

## Requirements
- [Supported Python versions](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/blob/main/README.md#requirements)
- Operating system:
  - Windows: 10 or later (64-bit only)
  - macOS: 13 (Ventura) or later (Apple Silicon [arm64] or Intel [x86_64])
  - Linux: Distributions such as Ubuntu 20.04 or later, Debian 10 or later, or Amazon Linux 2 or later (arm64 or x86_64)

## Getting started
Refer to the [Connector SDK Setup Guide](https://fivetran.com/docs/connector-sdk/setup-guide) to get started.

Before running `fivetran debug`, create the source table and insert sample data in your PostgreSQL database:

```sql
CREATE TABLE users (
    id         SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
    name       VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
    email      VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
    updated_at TIMESTAMPTZ  NOT NULL DEFAULT NOW()
);

INSERT INTO users (name, email, updated_at)
SELECT
    'User ' || i,
    'user' || i || '@example.com',
    '2026-01-01 00:00:00+00'::TIMESTAMPTZ + (i * INTERVAL '3 minutes')
FROM generate_series(1, 200) AS i;
```

> Then update `configuration.json` with your PostgreSQL connection details and set `table_name` to `users`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

We dont usually tell the customers how to create the source table , the examples are meant for those who already have the source ready

This example is intended for learning purposes. It is not meant for production use.

## Requirements

- [Supported Python versions](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/blob/main/README.md#requirements)
- Operating system:
  - Windows: 10 or later (64-bit only)
  - macOS: 13 (Ventura) or later (Apple Silicon [arm64] or Intel [x86_64])
  - Linux: Distributions such as Ubuntu 20.04 or later, Debian 10 or later, or Amazon Linux 2 or later (arm64 or x86_64)

## Getting started

Refer to the [Connector SDK Setup Guide](https://fivetran.com/docs/connector-sdk/setup-guide) to get started.

Before running `fivetran debug`, create the source table and insert sample data in your PostgreSQL database:

```sql
CREATE TABLE users (
    id         SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
    name       VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
    email      VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
    updated_at TIMESTAMPTZ  NOT NULL DEFAULT NOW()
);

INSERT INTO users (name, email, updated_at)
SELECT
    'User ' || i,
    'user' || i || '@example.com',
    '2026-01-01 00:00:00+00'::TIMESTAMPTZ + (i * INTERVAL '3 minutes')
FROM generate_series(1, 200) AS i;
```

> Then update `configuration.json` with your PostgreSQL connection details and set `table_name` to `users`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

We do not tell the customers how to create the source data  , we only tell them how to move data from the source to destination. and maybe how to achieve an API key

To initialize a new Connector SDK project using this connector as a starting point, run:

```bash
fivetran init --template examples/common_patterns_for_connectors/pagination/database_keyset
```
`fivetran init` initializes a new Connector SDK project by setting up the project structure, configuration files, and a connector you can run immediately with `fivetran debug`.
If you do not specify a project path, Fivetran creates the project in your current directory.
For more information on `fivetran init`, refer to the [Connector SDK `init` documentation](https://fivetran.com/docs/connector-sdk/setup-guide#createyourcustomconnector).

> Note: Ensure you have updated the `configuration.json` file with the necessary parameters before running `fivetran debug`. See the [Configuration file](#configuration-file) section for details on the required configuration parameters.

Reviewer 2: To initialize a new Connector SDK project using this connector as a starting point, run:

```
fivetran init --template <connector-name>
```

`fivetran init` initializes a new Connector SDK project by setting up the project structure, configuration files, and a connector you can run immediately with `fivetran debug`. For more information on `fivetran init`, refer to the [Connector SDK `init` documentation](https://fivetran.com/docs/connector-sdk/connector-development-and-configuration/connector-sdk-commands#fivetraninit).

*Include the following note only if the connector requires a `configuration.json` file to run.*

> Note: Ensure you have updated the `configuration.json` file with the necessary parameters before running `fivetran debug`. See the [Configuration file](#configuration-file) section for details on the required configuration parameters.

Please add this ^^^

  "port": "<YOUR_POSTGRESQL_PORT>",
  "database": "<YOUR_POSTGRESQL_DATABASE_NAME>",
  "username": "<YOUR_POSTGRESQL_USERNAME>",
  "password": "<YOUR_POSTGRESQL_PASSWORD>",
  "sslmode": "<YOUR_SSL_MODE>",
  "table_name": "<YOUR_POSTGRESQL_TABLE_NAME>"
}
```

Configuration parameters:

- `hostname` (required): PostgreSQL server hostname or IP address.
- `port` (required): PostgreSQL server port (typically 5432).
- `database` (required): Name of the database to connect to.
- `username` (required): Database username for authentication.
- `password` (required): Database password for authentication.
- `table_name` (required): Name of the source table to sync data from.
- `sslmode` (optional): SSL mode for connection security. Valid values: `disable`, `require`, or empty string. Defaults to `disable`.

Note: Ensure that the `configuration.json` file is not checked into version control to protect sensitive information.

## Requirements file

The `requirements.txt` file specifies the Python libraries required by the connector:

```
psycopg2_binary==2.9.12
```

- `psycopg2_binary`: PostgreSQL database adapter for Python, used to establish connections and execute queries.

> Note: The `fivetran_connector_sdk:latest` package is pre-installed in the Fivetran environment. To avoid dependency conflicts, do not declare it in your `requirements.txt`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Note: [Some packages](https://fivetran.com/docs/connector-sdk/technical-reference#preinstalledpackages) are pre-installed in the Connector SDK runtime environment. To avoid dependency conflicts, do not declare them in your `requirements.txt`. 
```
